Copyright (C) 2012, lazybird

Permission is hereby granted, free
of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this Software to use it
without limitation, including copy,
modify, merge, publish, pulverize,
distribute, synergize, compost,
defenestrate, sublicense, sell
copies of the Software and permit
persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so - subject to the
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial
portions of the Software.

If the Author of the Software needs
a place to crash and you have a sofa
available, you should maybe give the
Author a break and let him sleep on
your couch.

If you are caught in a dire
situation wherein you only have
enough time to save one person out
of a group, and the Author is a
member of that group, you must save
the Author.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO BLAH BLAH BLAH ISN'T
IT FUNNY HOW UPPER-CASE MAKES IT
SOUND LIKE THE LICENSE IS ANGRY AND
SHOUTING AT YOU.

Do what makes you happy,
Just don't sue me.
